father had a heart attack in the bathtub
and he drowned I didn't even know he
took baths she ruin a place I was just
looking for the restroom but hasn't
moved since she lived here he hasn't
made the mortgage in six months it'll
all go up for auction furniture the
house everything your friends thought
since I became a homewrecker do you need
a place to stay
this is the worst thing you could have
actually done roommates wasn't they
dad's mistress I'm married to your
father
I'm not his mistress yeah well not
anymore where's your mom she's basically
just staring at the wall over camper
[Music]
I'm a broke Widow without a single
marketable skill I live with my
husband's ex-wife and oh special hobbies
drinking with his teenage dropout
daughter
[Music]
[Applause]
you
[Music]